well this is it...
im finally free...
good bye...

yep thats right im dead...

life recently has been a waste of time a whole 20 years wasted.
no i had no real friends
no i had no family

all i had was 1 person that atleast acted like he cared...
so thank you for trying... but its too much...

if u think u knew me you mightve tought "oh how can this lazy ass guy have it hard
hoe doesnt even have a job or goes to school" well here is a short story...

i was a 20 year old guy with autism and this shit https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ehlers%E2%80%93Danlos_syndrome
i went to stuipid schools the first 12 years of my life

my whole childhood was in a boarding school cus my parents didnt care enough about me
i had to stay there until i was 16 even had to spend vacations there
no i never liked it there and i said that multiple times
these people treat u like psychopaths its fucked up...
there are like 3 grown man to hold a 10 year old in some fucking hold that hurts like crazy.
are u kidding me 10 year old that place traumatized me so hard...

i lost my ability to feel...
no i dont mean it in some emo way i litterally dont feel...
anything... no happyness no sadness all i felt was nothing...

until recently ive been discovering more about the real me
what i couldve been if i had actual choises in my life...
if people actually listened to me...

well look at me now im a 20 year old online loser...
ive spend my whole life online cus in the real world noone cared about me noone listened to me...

the only moment i really felt wanted/welcome was in my 5th year on my old school...
i finally had a friend i liked but all good things end...
when the graduation came he was gone...
i left the school cus it was too easy...
but 1 teacher always stood there for me...
thank you...
"mevrouw aerts" i cant say the name cus its on the internet but yea...
you might not have felt it but u really changed my year...

you were just a substitute when you arrived...
i was being a asshole but yet u kept trying...
you are one of the only people i actually respect...
the other teachers there were also good dont get me wrong but she was the highligt

anyways back to my misserable life...
so after i dropped out i went to another school and boy oh boy...
did things go down hill fast...

skip all that and the next year i changed again
nothing happend there really i also dropped out cus school in general is ass
u lissen to people and follow orders like some dog i hate it...

anyways after dropping out ive just been stuck at the bottom...
no way up really i live in a city in belguim
or i could slave away in a store or i could rot in my room...

well i choose rot as u can tell by this...

fast forward to a few months ago i started finding stuff out...
most things i know since i was a child were mostly lies...
ive been stuck my whole life without even knowing...

as u can clearly see if u read the rest im not stable at all.
i went to therapy but that was just stuipid since i am an introvert...
i dont like to talk to anyone unless i know the person a bit.
so therapy does obvious not help...
the only person i talked to this about is my guy neri
this mf is a random guy in poland ive never seen in my life...

but he knows me the most of all people in my life...
anyways if u read this i killed myself...
no reason in particular just life in general...
i have so many debuffs:
i look like shit
i have autism and other shitty diseases
i never had any real friends

only things i was good at is programing and noone even knew about it...
everytime i want to talk about it noone cared...
id also say im pretty good at acting since it feels like noone has any idea that im in this amout on pain...

mom and dad i hope ur proud of urself
you made a child then my dad left my mom
then my mom just dumped my any place she could
she even made other children...
since im dead i cant get killed for saying this anymore so...
please mom close ur legs it so sad at this point...
u have a new man like every 2 weeks please chill out...
my dad is just a chill guy doing hes thing not much to say about him
he is really passionate about what he does
sometimes a but too passionate but hey thats not always a bad thing

anyways its been long enough.

GOOD BYE dont be sad about this be happy...
